To create the best script to perform our database backups, you need the database name, the database
user, the backup file name you would like to use as well as the command.
In this case, it is my Eskil dubbed the database name.
As I've shown you, WP hyphen config contains your database name.
The database user is the backup file name.
Use your site's name to avoid confusion.
Please make note.
The tactics are used around the date, not an apostrophe.
Sudo my Eskil dump, we are working with Maria Debe, we run our database commands as an elevated user,
I find you a database user.
The database user is root the database name, get the name from WP config.
The output of my ESKILD dump will become the input of GS with a level nine compression.
The output of GS will then be stored in slash home user database backups slash filename.
This is what the best script will look like.
First line is your Shabangu line underneath the Shabangu line database name equals database user equals
file name equals side name hyphen to back ticks in between the two back ticks.
The date underneath file name we have oh my Eskil Dump Command in the best script.
We don't need to use sudo because we run the script.
We will run the script as an elevated user.
So any commands in the script that require elevated privileges will already have those privileges.
I'm in my home directory in a directory called Scripts NENO DB Database underscore my site name WPEC
ally Dot S.H..
The script first line is the Shibam line second line database name.
You obtain the database name from WP config database user is route site name WPEC Yellow dot com hyphen.
Back to date Hiva space plus per cent if underscore per cent our per cent minute back tick.
The last line we have our command MySQL dump I find you know you don't specify the database name and
the database user $ db user.
We've already specified the database user above that route dollar database name.
We've already specified the database name Peiping Symbol Jesus greater than sign.
Now we need to specify the POS slash home.
My user is and you use your user.
Is there a particular directory.
We want to save it to DB backups.
Slash a file name dot fescue l dot Jesus.
So our file name will be WPEC allai dot com ifn the date and time dot dot it you can Xanana saving your
changes in script file must be made executable.
S.H. Mod plus X followed by the file name.
If I run the command without elevated privileges by escarole dump got error access denied for user varya
db.
We run as an elevated user sudo then followed by a period.
Slash your script.
Now let's go back one level and change to our database backups.
The backup done at zero zero four one is the access denied the error.
Look underneath that there is our backup.
I'm going to remove the forty one file.
Let's go back to scripts.
So that is our database backup script for our first site.
Now what happens when we add an additional site CPP existing file name followed by the new file name
you then open the new file name using NENO.
Change the database name.
FileName.
Everything else remains the same.
You can exit NENO, so that's our database backups for WPC Allen Dotcom taking care of.